README.md, before:

<div align="center">
<img width="1200" height="475" alt="GHBanner" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0aa67016-6eaf-458a-adb2-6e31a0763ed6" />
</div>

# Multi School Result Management System (Grade 11-12)

This is a comprehensive school result management system for Grade 11 and 12 institutions, built with React, Node.js, and Supabase.

## Prerequisites
- Node.js (v16 or higher)
- Supabase account and project

## Setup Instructions

1. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Configure Supabase:
   - The project is already configured to use Supabase
   - Database connection details are in the `.env` file
   - Make sure your Supabase project is properly set up

3. Run database migrations:
   ```bash
   npm run migrate:db-automation
   ```

4. Seed the database with initial data:
   ```bash
   npm run test:supabase-db
   ```

5. Run the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

6. Access the application:
   - Frontend: http://localhost:5173
   - Backend API: http://localhost:3002

## Available Scripts

- `npm run dev` - Start frontend development server
- `npm run dev:backend` - Start backend development server
- `npm run migrate:db-automation` - Run full Supabase database migration
- `npm run test:supabase-db` - Test Supabase database connection and schema
- `npm run build` - Build the application for production

Commit message:

Add Vercel deployment configuration and production setup

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
<img width="1200" height="475" alt="GHBanner" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0aa67016-6eaf-458a-adb2-6e31a0763ed6" />
</div>

# Multi School Result Management System (Grade 11-12)

This is a comprehensive school result management system for Grade 11 and 12 institutions, built with React, Node.js, and Supabase.

## Prerequisites
- Node.js (v16 or higher)
- Supabase account and project

## Setup Instructions

1. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Configure Supabase:
   - The project is already configured to use Supabase
   - Database connection details are in the `.env` file
   - Make sure your Supabase project is properly set up

3. Run database migrations:
   ```bash
   npm run migrate:db-automation
   ```

4. Seed the database with initial data:
   ```bash
   npm run test:supabase-db
   ```

5. Run the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

6. Access the application:
   - Frontend: http://localhost:5173
   - Backend API: http://localhost:3002

## Deployment

### Vercel Deployment (Recommended)

1. Push your code to GitHub
2. Connect your GitHub repository to Vercel
3. Set the required environment variables in Vercel (see DEPLOYMENT.md for details)
4. Deploy the application

### Traditional Deployment

See DEPLOYMENT.md for detailed instructions on traditional deployment methods.

## Available Scripts

- `npm run dev` - Start frontend development server
- `npm run dev:backend` - Start backend development server
- `npm run migrate:db-automation` - Run full Supabase database migration
- `npm run test:supabase-db` - Test Supabase database connection and schema
- `npm run build` - Build the application for production
